Reflection question 1: A pure function is one that always returns the same output given the same inputs and does not cause any side effects. 
If the render function depends on external data (like global variables or data fetched from an API), it can lead to unpredictable behavior.

This impurity can lead to unnecessary re-renders or inconsistent UI states because the component might render with outdated or incorrect values.

Reflection question 2: 
Caching with "useMemo":

You can utilize the useMemo hook to cache the foundations. This will prevent the recalculation of the foundations array on every render unless the props.inventory changes.
Example of how it would be implemented: import { useMemo } from 'react';

const foundationList = useMemo(() => {
  return Object.keys(props.inventory).filter(name => props.inventory[name].foundation);
}, [props.inventory]);

Caching the foundations array can improve performance especially if the inventory object is large or complex. Since the inventory changes infrequently recalculating the foundations on every render might be unnecessary.

Reflection question 3: 
No you should not move the foundation state to the Select component. Keeping the foundation state in ComposeSalad is a better approach because:

It simplifies form submission by having all the state in one place.
It avoids unnecessary prop-drilling or complex state-lifting.
It aligns with React's best practice of having a single source of truth for state.

Reflection question 4:
State Change: When the state of a component is updated using setState React schedules a re-render of that component. The render function is called again, and the virtual DOM is updated accordingly.
Props Change: If the props passed to a component change, the render function for that component is called again to reflect the new props.

Reflection question 5:
No, changing the HTML form state (like selecting an option in a dropdown or checking a checkbox) does not automatically change the state of the component in React. 
Instead you must set up event handlers (e.g., onChange) to listen for user interactions.
When an event occurs, the handler updates the component's state using functions like setState. This approach ensures that React's state remains the single source of truth for the component's data.



Reflection question 6:

React doesnt bind this 








